and Joe Biden has warned that gaza's
main hospital must be protected and he
hopes military action by the Israeli
Defense Forces will be less intrusive
the comments come as 2,000 people remain
camped at the alifa hospital in the
north of Gaza Sheltering from Israeli
bombardments near the building with a
lack of power due to fuel shortages
doctors there say 30 babies need to be
moved to Egypt if there to survive ol
agaran has the very latest from
Jerusalem under a warning her peace
contains distressing images from the
very
beginning war is closing in and they are
running out of time these premature
babies at Al shaa Hospital fighting for
life without
incubators since these pictures were
taken at the weekend several babies have
died at the hospital according to health
Ministry
officials the hospital grounds already
look like a war zone
Palestinians say this is the aftermath
of a recent Israeli strike Israel denies
targeting the hospital but the US
President Joe Biden has intervened
saying Al shaa must be protected and he
hopes there will be less intrusive
action crammed inside along with 600
patients about 2,000 people who have
sought Refuge Israel says it has opened
a safe evacuation Corridor a source in
the hospital told the BBC that's totally
untrue there are bullets everywhere
especially near the windows so no one
inside the hospital can
move some people left through the
corridor they are talking about but the
men were taken only the women
escaped one man was
shot when we tried to reach him they
fired at us he was shot again in the
chest and he
di Israel claims that Hamas hides
beneath Al shaah and operates a command
center below ground Hamas denies this
and so do doctors at the hospital this
is rantis Hospital in the basement in
the building I've shown you tonight the
Israeli Army issued video which it
claims is concrete proof that Hamas is
entrenched in hospitals in Gaza in this
case the Alan Children's Hospital these
are
explosives these are vest vest with
explosives yeah it's a body vest a woman
clothes and a rope the IDF spokesman
Daniel hagari said there were
indications that Israeli hostages were
held here I was thinking when I was
there about
babies hostages babies Israeli hostages
babies women children this is Hamas
barbaric barbaric Terror organization
this is Hamas using hospitals as human
shield as Terror machines there's been
no independent access to the basement
the BBC cannot verify any of the Army's
claims
this was the picture at another Gaza
hospital today in Han Yunis in the South
children who witnesses say were bombed
in their own homes there is growing
concern internationally about how Israel
is fighting this war about who is being
killed now the US president Israel's
staunchest Ally is signaling that
hospitals are off limits or and BBC News
Jerusalem